docs/src/02_architecture_constraints.adoc, before:

ifndef::imagesdir[:imagesdir: ../images]

[[section-architecture-constraints]]
== Architecture Constraints

[role="arc42help"]
****
.Contents
Any requirement that constraints software architects in their freedom of design and implementation decisions or decision about the development process. These constraints sometimes go beyond individual systems and are valid for whole organizations and companies.

.Motivation
Architects should know exactly where they are free in their design decisions and where they must adhere to constraints.
Constraints must always be dealt with; they may be negotiable, though.

.Form
Simple tables of constraints with explanations.
If needed you can subdivide them into
technical constraints, organizational and political constraints and
conventions (e.g. programming or versioning guidelines, documentation or naming conventions)

.Further Information

See https://docs.arc42.org/section-2/[Architecture Constraints] in the arc42 documentation.

****
There are various architectural constraints that affect this application. They have been divided into the following sections.

=== Naming Conventions
[options="header"]
|===
| Constraint | Description
| Application name | The name of the developed application will be WIQ.
|===

=== Application Requirements
[options="header"]
|===
| Constraint | Description
| Theme | Online question and answer application. It is similar to the "Saber y Ganar" game show.
| Question generation | Both questions and answers will be automatically generated from Wikidata.
| Question structure | Each question will have one correct answer and multiple incorrect or distracting answers. There will be a time limit to answer each question.
| Frontend | The system will have at least one Web frontend deployed. Access will be through the Web.
| User management | Users can register and log in to play. Registered users can also check their participation history in the system (number of games, correct/incorrect answers, times, etc.).
| API usage | APIs will be used to access users and generated questions information.
|===

=== Documentation
[options="header"]
|===
| Constraint | Description
| Use of Arc42 | The project will follow the Arc42 documentation standard.
|===

=== Organizational and Versioning Constraints
[options="header"]
|===
| Constraint | Description
| Project organization | The project is distributed in three established deliveries. Therefore, each module of the project will evolve in several versions, marked by the deliveries.
| Git and Github | The use of Git as a version control system and the Github platform is mandatory. The public repository will be hosted on this platform.
|===

=== Development Team Constraints
[options="header"]
|===
| Constraint | Description
| Technical and theoretical knowledge | We are not professional developers and have limited experience. Therefore, we will use tools and languages minimally known by some team members.
| Budget | We will use free tools or services for which the University has a license.
|===

Commit message:

Doc 02: Architecture constraints. Usage of Docker added. Done by Samuel (uo289689) and Teresa (uo288347)

docs/src/02_architecture_constraints.adoc, after:

ifndef::imagesdir[:imagesdir: ../images]

[[section-architecture-constraints]]
== Architecture Constraints

[role="arc42help"]
****
.Contents
Any requirement that constraints software architects in their freedom of design and implementation decisions or decision about the development process. These constraints sometimes go beyond individual systems and are valid for whole organizations and companies.

.Motivation
Architects should know exactly where they are free in their design decisions and where they must adhere to constraints.
Constraints must always be dealt with; they may be negotiable, though.

.Form
Simple tables of constraints with explanations.
If needed you can subdivide them into
technical constraints, organizational and political constraints and
conventions (e.g. programming or versioning guidelines, documentation or naming conventions)

.Further Information

See https://docs.arc42.org/section-2/[Architecture Constraints] in the arc42 documentation.

****
There are various architectural constraints that affect this application. They have been divided into the following sections.

=== Naming Conventions
[options="header"]
|===
| Constraint | Description
| Application name | The name of the developed application will be WIQ.
|===

=== Application Requirements
[options="header"]
|===
| Constraint | Description
| Theme | Online question and answer application. It is similar to the "Saber y Ganar" game show.
| Question generation | Both questions and answers will be automatically generated from Wikidata.
| Question structure | Each question will have one correct answer and multiple incorrect or distracting answers. There will be a time limit to answer each question.
| Frontend | The system will have at least one Web frontend deployed. Access will be through the Web.
| User management | Users can register and log in to play. Registered users can also check their participation history in the system (number of games, correct/incorrect answers, times, etc.).
| API usage | APIs will be used to access users and generated questions information.
| Docker | Docker will be used to deploy the application locally and remotely.
|===

=== Documentation
[options="header"]
|===
| Constraint | Description
| Use of Arc42 | The project will follow the Arc42 documentation standard.
|===

=== Organizational and Versioning Constraints
[options="header"]
|===
| Constraint | Description
| Project organization | The project is distributed in three established deliveries. Therefore, each module of the project will evolve in several versions, marked by the deliveries.
| Git and Github | The use of Git as a version control system and the Github platform is mandatory. The public repository will be hosted on this platform.
|===

=== Development Team Constraints
[options="header"]
|===
| Constraint | Description
| Technical and theoretical knowledge | We are not professional developers and have limited experience. Therefore, we will use tools and languages minimally known by some team members.
| Budget | We will use free tools or services for which the University has a license.
|===
