docs/src/05_building_block_view.adoc, before:

ifndef::imagesdir[:imagesdir: ../images]

[[section-building-block-view]]

== Building Block View
The building block view shows in a graphic way a decomposition of the system. 

[role="arc42help"]
****
.Content
The building block view shows the static decomposition of the system into building blocks (modules, components, subsystems, classes, interfaces, packages, libraries, frameworks, layers, partitions, tiers, functions, macros, operations, data structures, ...) as well as their dependencies (relationships, associations, ...)

This view is mandatory for every architecture documentation.
In analogy to a house this is the _floor plan_.

.Motivation
Maintain an overview of your source code by making its structure understandable through
abstraction.

This allows you to communicate with your stakeholder on an abstract level without disclosing implementation details.

.Form
The building block view is a hierarchical collection of black boxes and white boxes
(see figure below) and their descriptions.

image::05_building_blocks-EN.png["Hierarchy of building blocks"]

*Level 1* is the white box description of the overall system together with black
box descriptions of all contained building blocks.

*Level 2* zooms into some building blocks of level 1.
Thus it contains the white box description of selected building blocks of level 1, together with black box descriptions of their internal building blocks.

*Level 3* zooms into selected building blocks of level 2, and so on.


.Further Information

See https://docs.arc42.org/section-5/[Building Block View] in the arc42 documentation.

****

=== Whitebox Overall System

Main view of the system. WIQ application is related to one external component: the Wikidata API

[role="arc42help"]
****
Here you describe the decomposition of the overall system using the following white box template. It contains

 * an overview diagram
 * a motivation for the decomposition
 * black box descriptions of the contained building blocks. For these we offer you alternatives:

   ** use _one_ table for a short and pragmatic overview of all contained building blocks and their interfaces
   ** use a list of black box descriptions of the building blocks according to the black box template (see below).
   Depending on your choice of tool this list could be sub-chapters (in text files), sub-pages (in a Wiki) or nested elements (in a modeling tool).


 * (optional:) important interfaces, that are not explained in the black box templates of a building block, but are very important for understanding the white box.
Since there are so many ways to specify interfaces why do not provide a specific template for them.
 In the worst case you have to specify and describe syntax, semantics, protocols, error handling,
 restrictions, versions, qualities, necessary compatibilities and many things more.
In the best case you will get away with examples or simple signatures.

****

image:05_scope_and_context.png["Diagram 05.1: Scope And Context"]

Motivation::

This is a general overview of the application.

[role="arc42help"]
****
Here you describe black boxes
according the the following black box template:

* Purpose/Responsibility
* Interface(s), when they are not extracted as separate paragraphs. This interfaces may include qualities and performance characteristics.
* (Optional) Quality-/Performance characteristics of the black box, e.g.availability, run time behavior, ....
* (Optional) directory/file location
* (Optional) Fulfilled requirements (if you need traceability to requirements).
* (Optional) Open issues/problems/risks

****

Contained Building Blocks::
* **Wikidata Infinite Quest**: It is the main application, represented as a blackbox that will be detailed in the following decompositions. 
* **Wikidata API**: It is the external API that the system uses to generate questions and answers.

=== Level 1

[role="arc42help"]
****
Here you can specify the inner structure of (some) building blocks from Overall System as white boxes.

You have to decide which building blocks of your system are important enough to justify such a detailed description.
Please prefer relevance over completeness. Specify important, surprising, risky, complex or volatile building blocks.
Leave out normal, simple, boring or standardized parts of your system
****

==== White Box Wikidata Infinite Quest

[role="arc42help"]
****
...describes the internal structure of _building block WIQ_.
****

image:05_level1.png["Diagram 05.2: Level1"]

Motivation::

First decomposition of the system.

Contained Building Blocks::
* **Web App**: It is the main module of the application. 
* **Gateway Service**: Handles the communication between the user service and question service modules with the web app service.
* **Question Generation Service**: Gets questions from Wikidata and handles their loading into the database.
* **User Service**: Handles the user management.
* **Multiplayer Service**: Handles the multiplayer management.

=== Level 2

[role="arc42help"]
****
Here you can specify the inner structure of (some) building blocks from level 1 as white boxes.
****
==== White Box Users Service

[role="arc42help"]
****
Specifies the internal structure of _building block Users Management_.
****

image:05_level2_userService.png["Diagram 05.3 User service: Level2"]

Motivation::

Decomposition of the User Service black box from level 1 system.

Contained Building Blocks::
* **Routes**: Contains route handlers for the users.
* **Services**: Contains data logic.

==== White Box Question Generation Service

image:05_level2_questionGenerationService.png["Diagram 05.4 Question Generation service: Level2"]

Motivation::

Decomposition of the Question Generation Service black box from level 1 system.

Contained Building Blocks::
* **Routes**: Contains route handlers for the questions.
* **Services**: Contains data logic.

==== White Box Web App

image:05_level2_webApp.png["Diagram 05.4 Question Generation service: Level2"]

Motivation::

Decomposition of the Web App black box from level 1 system.

Contained Building Blocks::
* **public**: Contains image and audio files.
* **src**: Contains the components, pages and data of the front-end application.

=== Level 3

[role="arc42help"]
****
Here you can specify the inner structure of (some) building blocks from level 2 as white boxes.
****
==== White Box routes from User Service

[role="arc42help"]
****
Specifies the internal structure of _building block routes_.
****

image:05_level3_routesUserService.png["Diagram 05.5 routes Level3"]

Motivation::

Decomposition of the black box routes from User Service white box from level 2 system.

Contained Building Blocks::
* **user-routes**: Contains route handlers for the register, ranking,groups management and statistics management.
* **auth-routes**: Contains route handlers for the login.

==== White Box services from User Service

[role="arc42help"]
****
Specifies the internal structure of _building block services_.
****

image:05_level3_servicesUserService.png["Diagram 05.6 services Level3"]

Motivation::

Decomposition of the black box services from User Service white box from level 2 system.

Contained Building Blocks::
* **user-model**: Define the User, Statistics and Group database schemas.
* **authVerifyMiddleWare**: Authentication Middleware.

==== White Box routes from Question Generation Service

[role="arc42help"]
****
Specifies the internal structure of _building block routes_.
****
image:05_level3_routesQuestionGenerationService.png["Diagram 05.7 services Level3"]

Motivation::

Decomposition of the black box routes from Question Generation Service white box from level 2 system.

Contained Building Blocks::
* **question-routes**: Contains route handlers for the questions management.

==== White Box services from Question Generation Service

[role="arc42help"]
****
Specifies the internal structure of _building block services_.
****

image:05_level3_servicesQuestionGenerationService.png["Diagram 05.7 services Level3"]

Motivation::

Decomposition of the black box routes from Question Generation Service white box from level 2 system.

Contained Building Blocks::
* **question-data-model**: Define the Question database schema.
* **question-data-service**: Responsible for managing questions in the database.
* **wikidata-service**: Responsible for getting questions from Wikidata.

Commit message:

Added level 2 gateway service diagram

docs/src/05_building_block_view.adoc, after:

ifndef::imagesdir[:imagesdir: ../images]

[[section-building-block-view]]

== Building Block View
The building block view shows in a graphic way a decomposition of the system. 

[role="arc42help"]
****
.Content
The building block view shows the static decomposition of the system into building blocks (modules, components, subsystems, classes, interfaces, packages, libraries, frameworks, layers, partitions, tiers, functions, macros, operations, data structures, ...) as well as their dependencies (relationships, associations, ...)

This view is mandatory for every architecture documentation.
In analogy to a house this is the _floor plan_.

.Motivation
Maintain an overview of your source code by making its structure understandable through
abstraction.

This allows you to communicate with your stakeholder on an abstract level without disclosing implementation details.

.Form
The building block view is a hierarchical collection of black boxes and white boxes
(see figure below) and their descriptions.

image::05_building_blocks-EN.png["Hierarchy of building blocks"]

*Level 1* is the white box description of the overall system together with black
box descriptions of all contained building blocks.

*Level 2* zooms into some building blocks of level 1.
Thus it contains the white box description of selected building blocks of level 1, together with black box descriptions of their internal building blocks.

*Level 3* zooms into selected building blocks of level 2, and so on.


.Further Information

See https://docs.arc42.org/section-5/[Building Block View] in the arc42 documentation.

****

=== Whitebox Overall System

Main view of the system. WIQ application is related to one external component: the Wikidata API

[role="arc42help"]
****
Here you describe the decomposition of the overall system using the following white box template. It contains

 * an overview diagram
 * a motivation for the decomposition
 * black box descriptions of the contained building blocks. For these we offer you alternatives:

   ** use _one_ table for a short and pragmatic overview of all contained building blocks and their interfaces
   ** use a list of black box descriptions of the building blocks according to the black box template (see below).
   Depending on your choice of tool this list could be sub-chapters (in text files), sub-pages (in a Wiki) or nested elements (in a modeling tool).


 * (optional:) important interfaces, that are not explained in the black box templates of a building block, but are very important for understanding the white box.
Since there are so many ways to specify interfaces why do not provide a specific template for them.
 In the worst case you have to specify and describe syntax, semantics, protocols, error handling,
 restrictions, versions, qualities, necessary compatibilities and many things more.
In the best case you will get away with examples or simple signatures.

****

image:05_scope_and_context.png["Diagram 05.1: Scope And Context"]

Motivation::

This is a general overview of the application.

[role="arc42help"]
****
Here you describe black boxes
according the the following black box template:

* Purpose/Responsibility
* Interface(s), when they are not extracted as separate paragraphs. This interfaces may include qualities and performance characteristics.
* (Optional) Quality-/Performance characteristics of the black box, e.g.availability, run time behavior, ....
* (Optional) directory/file location
* (Optional) Fulfilled requirements (if you need traceability to requirements).
* (Optional) Open issues/problems/risks

****

Contained Building Blocks::
* **Wikidata Infinite Quest**: It is the main application, represented as a blackbox that will be detailed in the following decompositions. 
* **Wikidata API**: It is the external API that the system uses to generate questions and answers.

=== Level 1

[role="arc42help"]
****
Here you can specify the inner structure of (some) building blocks from Overall System as white boxes.

You have to decide which building blocks of your system are important enough to justify such a detailed description.
Please prefer relevance over completeness. Specify important, surprising, risky, complex or volatile building blocks.
Leave out normal, simple, boring or standardized parts of your system
****

==== White Box Wikidata Infinite Quest

[role="arc42help"]
****
...describes the internal structure of _building block WIQ_.
****

image:05_level1.png["Diagram 05.2: Level1"]

Motivation::

First decomposition of the system.

Contained Building Blocks::
* **Web App**: It is the main module of the application. 
* **Gateway Service**: Handles the communication between the user service and question service modules with the web app service.
* **Question Generation Service**: Gets questions from Wikidata and handles their loading into the database.
* **User Service**: Handles the user management.
* **Multiplayer Service**: Handles the multiplayer management.

=== Level 2

[role="arc42help"]
****
Here you can specify the inner structure of (some) building blocks from level 1 as white boxes.
****
==== White Box Users Service

[role="arc42help"]
****
Specifies the internal structure of _building block Users Management_.
****

image:05_level2_userService.png["Diagram 05.3 User service: Level2"]

Motivation::

Decomposition of the User Service black box from level 1 system.

Contained Building Blocks::
* **Routes**: Contains route handlers for the users.
* **Services**: Contains data logic.

==== White Box Question Generation Service

image:05_level2_questionGenerationService.png["Diagram 05.4 Question Generation service: Level2"]

Motivation::

Decomposition of the Question Generation Service black box from level 1 system.

Contained Building Blocks::
* **Routes**: Contains route handlers for the questions.
* **Services**: Contains data logic.

==== White Box Web App

image:05_level2_webApp.png["Diagram 05.4 Question Generation service: Level2"]

Motivation::

Decomposition of the Web App black box from level 1 system.

Contained Building Blocks::
* **public**: Contains image and audio files.
* **src**: Contains the components, pages and data of the front-end application.

==== White Box GatewayService Service

image:05_level2_gatewayService.png["Diagram 05.4 Question Generation service: Level2"]



Motivation::

Decomposition of the Web App black box from level 1 system.

Contained Building Blocks::
* **gateway-service**: Define the routes for handling the communication between the user service and question service modules with the web app service.

==== White Box Multiplayer Service



=== Level 3

[role="arc42help"]
****
Here you can specify the inner structure of (some) building blocks from level 2 as white boxes.
****
==== White Box routes from User Service

[role="arc42help"]
****
Specifies the internal structure of _building block routes_.
****

image:05_level3_routesUserService.png["Diagram 05.5 routes Level3"]

Motivation::

Decomposition of the black box routes from User Service white box from level 2 system.

Contained Building Blocks::
* **user-routes**: Contains route handlers for the register, ranking,groups management and statistics management.
* **auth-routes**: Contains route handlers for the login.

==== White Box services from User Service

[role="arc42help"]
****
Specifies the internal structure of _building block services_.
****

image:05_level3_servicesUserService.png["Diagram 05.6 services Level3"]

Motivation::

Decomposition of the black box services from User Service white box from level 2 system.

Contained Building Blocks::
* **user-model**: Define the User, Statistics and Group database schemas.
* **authVerifyMiddleWare**: Authentication Middleware.

==== White Box routes from Question Generation Service

[role="arc42help"]
****
Specifies the internal structure of _building block routes_.
****
image:05_level3_routesQuestionGenerationService.png["Diagram 05.7 services Level3"]

Motivation::

Decomposition of the black box routes from Question Generation Service white box from level 2 system.

Contained Building Blocks::
* **question-routes**: Contains route handlers for the questions management.

==== White Box services from Question Generation Service

[role="arc42help"]
****
Specifies the internal structure of _building block services_.
****

image:05_level3_servicesQuestionGenerationService.png["Diagram 05.7 services Level3"]

Motivation::

Decomposition of the black box routes from Question Generation Service white box from level 2 system.

Contained Building Blocks::
* **question-data-model**: Define the Question database schema.
* **question-data-service**: Responsible for managing questions in the database.
* **wikidata-service**: Responsible for getting questions from Wikidata.
