docs/src/08_concepts.adoc, before:

ifndef::imagesdir[:imagesdir: ../images]

[[section-concepts]]
== Cross-cutting Concepts

[role="arc42help"]
****
.Content
This section describes overall, principal regulations and solution ideas that are relevant in multiple parts (= cross-cutting) of your system.
Such concepts are often related to multiple building blocks.
They can include many different topics, such as

* models, especially domain models
* architecture or design patterns
* rules for using specific technology
* principal, often technical decisions of an overarching (= cross-cutting) nature
* implementation rules


.Motivation
Concepts form the basis for _conceptual integrity_ (consistency, homogeneity) of the architecture. 
Thus, they are an important contribution to achieve inner qualities of your system.

Some of these concepts cannot be assigned to individual building blocks, e.g. security or safety. 


.Form
The form can be varied:

* concept papers with any kind of structure
* cross-cutting model excerpts or scenarios using notations of the architecture views
* sample implementations, especially for technical concepts
* reference to typical usage of standard frameworks (e.g. using Hibernate for object/relational mapping)

.Structure
A potential (but not mandatory) structure for this section could be:

* Domain concepts
* User Experience concepts (UX)
* Safety and security concepts
* Architecture and design patterns
* "Under-the-hood"
* development concepts
* operational concepts

Note: it might be difficult to assign individual concepts to one specific topic
on this list.

image::08-Crosscutting-Concepts-Structure-EN.png["Possible topics for crosscutting concepts"]


.Further Information

See https://docs.arc42.org/section-8/[Concepts] in the arc42 documentation.
****


Some important concepts need to be taken into account so as to a better understanding of the application. These concepts have to do with the following categories.

. Domain concepts
. User Experience (UX)
. Operation Concepts
. Architecture and Design Patterns
. Development Concepts

Next, each category will be detailed.

=== Domain concepts
TBD

=== User Experience (UX)
* https://arquisoft.github.io/wiq_es04a/#_12_3_technical_terms[**Frontend**]: the frontend of this application consists of a web app which will be deployed. Now, the user can register and log in with accounts already created on an intuitive page.
* https://arquisoft.github.io/wiq_es04a/#_12_3_technical_terms[**Internationalization**] The application will likely be available in various languages, including English as the main language. This would provide a better user experience as users could better tailor the application to their personal preferences.

=== Operation Concepts
* **Usability**: The application should be easy to use. For this reason, we will probably some various people to try our application. This way we can know its strengths and weaknesses and improve them. Usability affects User Experience as well, so it is an important aspect of the application.

=== Security
At the moment, there are no security mechanisms implemented, but decisions regarding this aspect will be taken as progress is made.

=== Architecture and Design Patterns
* https://arquisoft.github.io/wiq_es04a/#_12_3_technical_terms[**Microservice**]: In this application there are some microservices such as the User Management, which involves signing up, logging in and everything related to the points and timing of the user. Microservices provide an easy way of creating.

=== Development Concepts
* **Testing**: Numerous use-cases will be studied so as to provide a solid and easy-to-use application. For the moment, there is some testing in e2e folder referring to how accounts are created and how to log in the application. 
* https://arquisoft.github.io/wiq_es04a/#_acronyms[**CI/CD**]: The application will be in continuous integration and deployment. Team members commit frequently into the repository where the proyect is stored. This makes it easier when assembling project parts involving collaboration from different team members.

image::08_mindmap_concepts.png["Initial version of cross-cutting concepts"]

Commit message:

Adding domain model and mindmap diagrams to 08_concepts

docs/src/08_concepts.adoc, after:

ifndef::imagesdir[:imagesdir: ../images]

[[section-concepts]]
== Cross-cutting Concepts

[role="arc42help"]
****
.Content
This section describes overall, principal regulations and solution ideas that are relevant in multiple parts (= cross-cutting) of your system.
Such concepts are often related to multiple building blocks.
They can include many different topics, such as

* models, especially domain models
* architecture or design patterns
* rules for using specific technology
* principal, often technical decisions of an overarching (= cross-cutting) nature
* implementation rules


.Motivation
Concepts form the basis for _conceptual integrity_ (consistency, homogeneity) of the architecture. 
Thus, they are an important contribution to achieve inner qualities of your system.

Some of these concepts cannot be assigned to individual building blocks, e.g. security or safety. 


.Form
The form can be varied:

* concept papers with any kind of structure
* cross-cutting model excerpts or scenarios using notations of the architecture views
* sample implementations, especially for technical concepts
* reference to typical usage of standard frameworks (e.g. using Hibernate for object/relational mapping)

.Structure
A potential (but not mandatory) structure for this section could be:

* Domain concepts
* User Experience concepts (UX)
* Safety and security concepts
* Architecture and design patterns
* "Under-the-hood"
* development concepts
* operational concepts

Note: it might be difficult to assign individual concepts to one specific topic
on this list.

image::08-Crosscutting-Concepts-Structure-EN.png["Possible topics for crosscutting concepts"]


.Further Information

See https://docs.arc42.org/section-8/[Concepts] in the arc42 documentation.
****


Some important concepts need to be taken into account so as to a better understanding of the application. These concepts have to do with the following categories.

. Domain concepts
. User Experience (UX)
. Operation Concepts
. Architecture and Design Patterns
. Development Concepts

Next, each category will be detailed.

=== Domain concepts
At the moment, nothing has been definitively decided or implemented to support the following outline. This simply illustrates how a preliminary version of the structure of our application could look like.

image::08_domain_model.png["Initial version of the domain model"]

=== User Experience (UX)
* https://arquisoft.github.io/wiq_es04a/#_12_3_technical_terms[**Frontend**]: the frontend of this application consists of a web app which will be deployed. Now, the user can register and log in with accounts already created on an intuitive page.
* https://arquisoft.github.io/wiq_es04a/#_12_3_technical_terms[**Internationalization**] The application will likely be available in various languages, including English as the main language. This would provide a better user experience as users could better tailor the application to their personal preferences.

=== Operation Concepts
* **Usability**: The application should be easy to use. For this reason, we will probably some various people to try our application. This way we can know its strengths and weaknesses and improve them. Usability affects User Experience as well, so it is an important aspect of the application.

=== Security
At the moment, there are no security mechanisms implemented, but decisions regarding this aspect will be taken as progress is made.

=== Architecture and Design Patterns
* https://arquisoft.github.io/wiq_es04a/#_12_3_technical_terms[**Microservice**]: In this application there are some microservices such as the User Management, which involves signing up, logging in and everything related to the points and timing of the user. Microservices provide an easy way of creating.

=== Development Concepts
* **Testing**: Numerous use-cases will be studied so as to provide a solid and easy-to-use application. For the moment, there is some testing in e2e folder referring to how accounts are created and how to log in the application. 
* https://arquisoft.github.io/wiq_es04a/#_acronyms[**CI/CD**]: The application will be in continuous integration and deployment. Team members commit frequently into the repository where the proyect is stored. This makes it easier when assembling project parts involving collaboration from different team members.

image::08_mindmap_concepts.png["Initial version of cross-cutting concepts"]
