docs/src/11_technical_risks.adoc, before:

ifndef::imagesdir[:imagesdir: ../images]

[[section-technical-risks]]
== Risks and Technical Debts


[role="arc42help"]
****
.Contents
A list of identified technical risks or technical debts, ordered by priority

.Motivation
“Risk management is project management for grown-ups” (Tim Lister, Atlantic Systems Guild.) 

This should be your motto for systematic detection and evaluation of risks and technical debts in the architecture, which will be needed by management stakeholders (e.g. project managers, product owners) as part of the overall risk analysis and measurement planning.

.Form
List of risks and/or technical debts, probably including suggested measures to minimize, mitigate or avoid risks or reduce technical debts.


.Further Information

See https://docs.arc42.org/section-11/[Risks and Technical Debt] in the arc42 documentation.

****
=== Technical risks 
[options="header"]
|===
| Technical Risk | Relevance (0-10) |  Considerations
| Limited knowledge of certain tools or languages | 6 | A solution could be to use the tools and languages that are most well-known to the team members. Also, each member should try to learn those aspects they know less about.
| The team has not worked together before | 3 | A suggestion could be to mantain a good communication and inform about any aspect that could affect others.
| Being a big group | 3 | Being  many members can difficult the communication. However, if the previous suggestions are followed there should not be any problem.
|===

=== Technical debts 
[options="header"]
|===
| Technical Debt |  Considerations
| Low-quality code | The use of new technologies and languages can lead to poorly written or poorly designed code. To address this issue, we will use pull requests to ensure that the code is reviewed by multiple team members.
|===

Commit message:

Doc 11: Technical Risks. Relevance measurement units. Done by Teresa (uo288347) and Samuel (uo289689).

docs/src/11_technical_risks.adoc, after:

ifndef::imagesdir[:imagesdir: ../images]

[[section-technical-risks]]
== Risks and Technical Debts


[role="arc42help"]
****
.Contents
A list of identified technical risks or technical debts, ordered by priority

.Motivation
“Risk management is project management for grown-ups” (Tim Lister, Atlantic Systems Guild.) 

This should be your motto for systematic detection and evaluation of risks and technical debts in the architecture, which will be needed by management stakeholders (e.g. project managers, product owners) as part of the overall risk analysis and measurement planning.

.Form
List of risks and/or technical debts, probably including suggested measures to minimize, mitigate or avoid risks or reduce technical debts.


.Further Information

See https://docs.arc42.org/section-11/[Risks and Technical Debt] in the arc42 documentation.

****
=== Technical risks 
To assess the relevance level of the following technical risks, we will use number 1 to indicate low relevance, 2 for medium relevance, and 3 for high relevance.
[options="header"]
|===
| Technical Risk | Relevance |  Considerations
| Limited knowledge of certain tools or languages | 2 | A solution could be to use the tools and languages that are most well-known to the team members. Also, each member should try to learn those aspects they know less about.
| The team has not worked together before | 1 | A suggestion could be to mantain a good communication and inform about any aspect that could affect others.
| Being a big group | 1 | Being  many members can difficult the communication. However, if the previous suggestions are followed there should not be any problem.
|===

=== Technical debts 
[options="header"]
|===
| Technical Debt |  Considerations
| Low-quality code | The use of new technologies and languages can lead to poorly written or poorly designed code. To address this issue, we will use pull requests to ensure that the code is reviewed by multiple team members.
|===
